Encrypt DWH-derived data in the app db (#80081)
metabase/metabase: docs/databases/encrypting-details-at-rest.md

MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY=your-current-key java --add-opens java.base/java.nio=ALL-UNNAMED -jar metabase.jar rotate-encryption-key new-key
```

## Downgrading Metabase

> Disable encryption before you downgrade to a version older than the one you encrypted with. Older versions cannot read every encrypted column, and they show the affected questions and fields as broken. See [Disabling an encryption key](#disabling-an-encryption-key), then downgrade, then set the key again.

Reviewer: Should we always have people disable encryption when downgrading?

```suggestion
## Before downgrading Metabase, disable encryption

Before you downgrade, you should disable encryption. If encryption has changed version to version, older versions may not be able to read every encrypted column, which will break questions that rely on columns your version can't read.

After you've downgraded, set the encryption key again to re-encrypt your data.

See the [Disabling an encryption key](#disabling-an-encryption-key) below.
```

MB_ENCRYPTION_SECRET_KEY=your-current-key java --add-opens java.base/java.nio=ALL-UNNAMED -jar metabase.jar rotate-encryption-key new-key
```

> ## Before downgrading Metabase, disable encryption

Reviewer 2: can we have a custom migration instead? having to remember to do this manually feels too error prone.
also we should eagerly encrypt on upgrade instead of relying on first update to existing fields.
